h1. AWeber API Gem

Official AWeber API gem.

h2. Installation

* @gem install aweber@

h2. Quick Start

First, go to "http://labs.aweber.com":http://labs.aweber.com and sign up for a free AWeber Labs account. This is how you register apps and get OAuth keys.

bc.. # Register an app and use it's Consumer key and secret:
oauth = AWeber::OAuth.new("consumer_key", "consumer_secret")

# Go to the URL the following outputs.
oauth.request_token.authorize_url 

# Authorize your account and copy the verification code.
oauth.authorize_with_verifier("verification_code")

# Grab an AWeber::Base object and get movin'
aweber = AWeber::Base.new(oauth)
aweber.account.lists[123456].name

p. Take a look at "examples":http://github.com/aweber/aweber-ruby/tree/master/examples/ for more examples.

h2. Getting Data

Every piece of data from AWeber's API stems from an Account object. From there you access associated resources in the same way you would an ActiveRecord accosication:

bc. account.lists #=> #<AWeber::Collection(AWeber::Resource::List)>
account.lists[1]  #=> #<AWeber::Resource::List>

h2. Modifying Subscribers

Currently, only certain attributes of Subscribers are writable:

* name
* misc_notes
* email (yes email)
* status
* last_followup_message_number_sent
* custom_fields (Hash of key/value pairs)
* ad_tracking

h3. Example

bc. subscriber = account.lists[654321].subscribers[123456]
subscriber.name = "New Name"
subscriber.save

h2. Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

h2. Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 AWeber Communications, Inc. See LICENSE for more detail.
